Gaussian Mixture Model Clustering is probably
the most advanced clustering method that we'll discuss.
It is a clustering algorithm that assumes that
each cluster follows a certain statistical distribution.
It uses a lot of what we know from probabilities and
statistics to come up with these clusters.
You're probably familiar with the normal distribution,
also called the Gaussian distribution.
Many datasets that occur in real life can be
approximated by a Gaussian distribution like this.
Test scores, for example,
the heights of people,
measurement error, are a few examples of things that follow a normal distribution.
If you're not familiar with normal distributions, that's okay.
We'll recap it quickly in the next video.